---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 4 Plans
description: These are the plans for week 4 with uses the utterence bot
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 4} }
image: images/plan-dice-760.jpg
---


#### Plans for week 4
These plans include detailed steps for week 4 assignment

Monday
We kicked off the week with a tech talk led by the teacher. The discussion revolved around a Python InfoDB list and an explanation of the upcoming 1.1-1.4 team test. Following the talk, we dove into refining the Python Info DB in our own repository. We enriched the database with additional details such as our names, dates of birth, emails, etc., and tinkered with the code to enhance its functionality.

Tuesday
Tuesday was a bit shorter due to Unity Day and back-to-school night. Despite the time constraints, we pressed on with our Python DB assignment. We successfully cleared all our backlog tasks and took a break to watch the Apple event with our table mates.

Wednesday
It was our team-making day. After further work on the database, we formed our team with two others from our table, Hanlun and Yeongsu. Following a brief tech talk, we initiated the basic planning phase for the upcoming 1.1-1.4 team test. We divided responsibilities among team members, including the scrum master, backend and frontend developers, etc. Subsequently, we delved into coding and began crafting the scrum board and scripts for our project presentation video.

Thursday
The day began with a discussion of our respective roles, with me acting as our scrum master. After clarifying assignments, we commenced work on our project. Hanlun and I focused on completing the scrum board and scripts, prioritizing scrum planning. We also checked in on our teammates who were working on the code aspect of the assignment. Overall, it was a productive day of collaboration.

Friday
We started the day with a team check-in to review our progress. Following the meeting, we continued fulfilling our assigned roles under my guidance. Hanlun and I finalized the script for the collaboration segment of the video and crafted the Agile manifesto for our project. We also touched base with our teammate Gurshawn, who had completed significant portions of the JS interactive base for Jupyter Notebooks. The day concluded with a brief yet informative tech talk.





