---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 13 Plans
description: These are the plans for week 13 with uses the utterence bot
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 13} }
image: images/plan-dice-760.jpg
---


#### Plans for week 13
These plans include detailed steps for week 13 assignment

Week 13 Summary

Monday
We began the new trimester my making new teams and meeting new people. Once the teams were formed we got to work woking on the binary project which included binary in code and also a small project based on binary. We continued our work on this project and also began ideation for the project which included the basic plans as well as the figma design for the project flow.

Tuesday
We continued our work on the ideation for this project. The code for the project was almost completed and thus we we almost done with the project that was due the first week of December which is about 3 week away. We also worked on our understanding on binary code which helped out play our binary blackjack game.

Wednesday
We continued our work on the ideation for the project, since the code was almost done we connected a few parts of each code and also worked on explaining how each part works. Our game was the binary blackjack game which works on three commands of hit stand and reset. After that we continued our work on completing the ideation to present the next day

Thursday
Today we began the day with a quick team meet to discuss our individual features. SInce the code was almost done we just worked towards completing the ideation plans for the presentation the next day.

Friday
We presented our ideation plans to the teacher. We then continued our work towards fixing basic bugs and errors present in the code and alos works on developing comments to explain parts of the code. We concluded the day with a small team meet to discuss plan after Thanksgiving break

Thanksgiving Break: 11/18 - 11/26

